Journalist: As you did so we can just get the...
We got the camera here, you see..
This is what people have to do?
Shri Mataji: Yes, just that's all.
Journalist: Hold their hand there, mother.
Shri Mataji: Up to their both feet like this.
Journalist: And feet like that, hold out their hands..
That's the way to do it.
Shri Mataji: Yes, it might work out.
Journalist: All right.. We're just getting the shots, you see.
All right, but you spread fingers, or fingers together?
Shri Mataji: Just like...relaxed.. as if asking for something.
Journalist: Yes.
?: Raise your hand ?
Journalist: Yes, we are just getting there..
Shri Mataji: You yourself will start feeling it.
You are shaking a little. That means you work very hard.
Journalist: Yes, too hard.
Shri Mataji: On your nerves. Now they'll soothe down.
See, that shake is coming from too much strain on the nerves.
Specially the right side is shaking.
Journalist: Coming from the left side of the brain.
Shri Mataji: You have to forgive, you have to forgive,
forgive, forgive everyone.
Just forgive, just forgive, it will work out.
You feel ?
Still shaking. This shaking has to go, then it will work out.
I'm giving you balance, raising your left side, the emotional side,
the right side of your action, you see being fulfilled.
Can I touch your forhead?
Close your eyes.
Are you feeling peaceful now?
Journalist: Hm..are my hands stopped shaking?
Shri Mataji: Yes, it has, little bit still, it stopped.
This hand up, so it will cool down.
Better now.
We overdo things sometimes, isn't it, which we should not.
Now better, see, it's better, it stopped.
Journalist: And how long do I need to sit here like this?
Shri Mataji: Just to assure... are you feeling the cool breeze in the hand?
Are you feeling anything cool?
Journalist: I feel relaxed, calm.
Shri Mataji: Relaxed. No cool in the hand?
And see, you can see pulsation is here, now,
in the center of your head. It just breaks here.
It takes hardly any time.
Still you are shaking, you see.
All right, just say, "Mother, give me my realization".
Journalist: Give me my realization..
Shri Mataji: Again..
Shri Mataji: Once more, once more.
Journalist: Give me my realization, give me my realization.
Give me my realization..
Shri Mataji: Better..
Journalist: Give me my realization..
Shri Mataji: Are you feeling the relaxation? Light,
you feel light within yourself, feel lighter?
Shri Mataji: Hands will clear. You have to forgive, it's too much work.
How many years you have worked like this?
Days in and days out, worrying, for what?
Everything is done by God. He does all the work, now seems better.
Are you feeling cool?
Journalist: Ah, I feel a tingling in my hand.
Shri Mataji: Tingling is not a perfekt sign, but it means it has started.
It is smoothy all right, this is all right. Is it all right?
This one is all right, this is still tingling.
But it stopped shaking now.
Better? Better now? All right? It works.. it works.. it works.
Now you can't think, just watch me. You can't think.
Journalist: Oh, I can think.
Shri Mataji: About thinking, when you want you can think.
Journalist: Oh, yes.
Shri Mataji: But now you can be beyond thinking also.
Journalist: Oh really? What...?
Shri Mataji: So that's it. So no worries.
All right ? Journalist: Now, all right.
Shri Mataji: Feeling the cool?
Journalist: Let's do the interview and then see if I relax afterwards..
Shri Mataji: Oh yes, yes. You will. You will relax much more.
Journalist: Whenever you like Chris.
All right.
Mother, this is for people watching now.
What can it be in this for them?
Shri Mataji: What is?...
Journalist: So what have you to say to the people
who are watching this on television at the moment?
Shri Mataji: Those who are watching at this time,
they have to just spread their hands like this towards the
television set and see if they feel any cool breeze in their hands.
If they feel it, they should know that this is
the power of God's love,
is the all pervading Power about which everybody has talked.
The time has come for all of us to achieve it.
This is the epitome of our evolution
by which we find out ourselves, our absolute,
our meaning, our purpose of life.
The first time you feel the all pervading Power,
which is doing all sorts of living work,
like transforming a flower into a fruit.
All this is done by God. What we do is the dead work.
Is transforming dead to the dead.
But God does all the living work,
and first time you start feeling this power,
and then you have to learn how to use it
for doing living work on this earth.
Journalist: And the people who extend their hands towards You now
on the television set, can they expect Self-realization?
Shri Mataji: Yes, of course.
Journalist: And from that, is a by-product health?
Shri Mataji: Yes, health, of course. They can...
Journalist: Healing?
Shri Mataji: Yes, of course. But they have to see which hand is heavier,
which hand is not heavier.
They might get, all of them, spontaneously realization,
but they have to come to Me to know how to maintain it,
how to understand it, how to give it to others.
Because God is only interested in those people
who are going to work as lights.
And we do not keep enlightened lights under the table.
So such people will get their realization very fast
if they desire it.
Desire is very important.
Journalist: So there are some people watching at this very moment
who are receiving that.
Shri Mataji: Yes, of course. It's all over, it's all pervading.
It's like your ether,
through which they are seeing the television now.
In the same way God's power is everywhere. You can feel it.
Journalist: And it doesn't have to be that these people will be with You.
They can do this by extending their hands
towards the television set or the photograph.
Shri Mataji: Yes, My photograph is there. That's sufficient to work it out.
That's sufficient to work it out.
But they have to come to Me to decode it, what it is,
how to feel it, what's the problem is.
Because at the very first outset, I've seen, it rushes out
and the whole thing you can feel very fast.
But then it goes back to the problems that you have.
So it is better to see that you learn all about it.
And you don't have to pay anything,
nothing of the kind. It's very easy.
It's nothing difficult or complicated.
Journalist: All right. Thank you very much. I was happy with that.
And how we are doing? We got enough? Or I should...
Do one more shot.
There will be one more shot and then we...
Shri Mataji: One minute. It was probably more than that.
Journalist: Yes, it was a bit more.. or later.
Now we better check my hands. So they are both back shaking again.
Shri Mataji: Still shaking? See what you are doing to yourself.
You must learn to relax.
Journalist: Working too much.
Shri Mataji: Yes, too much, working too hard, you can see, clearly you see.
Why should they shake? You are a young man, I'm an old woman.
Journalist: Yes.
Shri Mataji: See even now how much they are shaking. Just see.
This is not good.
Journalist: I best learn to relax a little.
Shri Mataji: Now you have to use My photograph. That's the best way to relax.
Put My photograph in front, put a light before it,
put your hands towards the photograph..
put both your feet in the water and little salt.
The whole thing will go in the water,you'll flush it out that water.
You find everything is all right. He's got it, I think.
On the top of his head, he's got it, but his hand are vague.
Firstly, you have to talk to all kinds of people also, you see.
You catch from them as well..
Do you smoke?
Journalist: No.
Shri Mataji: Then it should not happen. That's only nervousness.
Better, you are feeling it. Good.
Journalist: Yes.
Shri Mataji: Yes, it's there.
Journalist: But I mean...
Shri Mataji: It's there. Little balance I am giving you.
Too much working with your brain and very futuristic,
and a speedy person. All right? Now, better.
Journalist: Yeah. Well, thank you very much for talking with me.
I hope you enjoyed it.
Shri Mataji: I hope you'll communicate to the people.
Let the Australians get this. This is their right to have it.
Sahaja Yogi: Let them know that She is appearing tonight and tomorrow night.
Journalist: Yes, I have the details for.. there..
Sahaja Yogi: Thank you..
Journalist: All right. Thank you very much.